functions -->( do anything to solve problem using logic)

functions is block of code (logic) to solve a problem and reuse  
and call from anywhere

code of functions in functions.js


in era of write small and do fast new concept of javascript 
introduce i.e arrow function 


code in  arrow_functions.js


scope  -> variable,function ,objects  --> scope defines in what 
context we are using variable , function ,objects

In programming, scope refers to the context in which variables 
are declared and accessed. It determines the visibility and 
lifetime of variables and other identifiers within your code.


like in real life  : 
me at mom dad is son 
me at teacher is behave as student 
me at friend is behave frankly  
me at GF is like babu-shona


3 level of scope 
    1. global scope 
    2. function scope  // local scope
    3. block scope  // local scope

Global Scope: Variables declared outside of any function, 
including variables declared using var (not let or const inside 
block scope), are considered global variables. They are 
accessible from anywhere in your code, including within functions.

Local Scope: Variables declared within a function are considered 
local variables. They are only accessible within the function in 
which they are declared. Each function establishes its own scope.

Variables declared with let or const are block-scoped, meaning 
they are only accessible within the block (enclosed by {}) in 
which they are declared.


code in scope.js


difference  between var let const 
in var_let_const.js



String dataType 

String is sequence  of character
code in String.js


array in js
array stored ordered collection of data  
store based on index
code in array.js 


objects in js 
in 2000 www /internat  ---> real life application ==> Big basket , flip kart  , amazon ,instagram ,whatsapp , tinder , shadi.com , doctor .com


in real world problem entity are available like person(living) ,car (non-living)

person --> property (name ,age ) 

car --> property(name ,brand ,color) ==>attribute (break ,accelerate)

to represent this real world entity in  programming  then object oriented programming 
comes into pictures


objects represent real world entity 
objects has "state" and some kind of "behavior"
as well as in real world "relationship" between entity 

code in objects.js


destructuring in js 

code in js